Shorter Semantic Tokens Syntax (#558)
kak-lsp/kak-lsp: README.asciidoc

[source,toml]
----

> "[token][+modifier1[+modifier2]...]" = "face"

Reviewer: Looks reasonable. This is a nice improvement, and validation is still fairly easy.

Regarding the breakage, we probably should have left these commented in `kak-lsp.toml`, or maybe extend dynamic configuration options, so that most (casual) users don't need a `kak-lsp.toml`.

The only thing I'm not sure about is that given `token+modifier1+modifier2 = face`, the `token` does not really stand out.
I considered both

- `token+modifier1,modifier2 = face`
- `token+modifier1|modifier2 = face`

but since precedence is not obvious, your version may be better, not sure.
The `+` is a good choice because it's also used for Kakoune attributes.

Author: I get the syntax concern, but I think the fact that it matches kakoune attributes syntax, combined with the simplicity, makes it a good option.

Regarding dynamic configuration, I haven't used it personally, and don't know a lot about it. But it might make sense to do something special for this as well

----

> where `token` is the token's name as reported by the language server (see `lsp-capabilities`), `face` is the face that will be applied in Kakoune (you'll want to define these in your theme/config) and `modifiers` is an array of modifier names (also reported by the language server). `modifiers` or `token` may be omitted. An entry with no token will match any token (but should still have modifiers)

Reviewer 2: The part about the modifiers array needs to be changed as well, and with more components being optional, examples might help to clarify functionality:

```suggestion
where `token` is the token's name as reported by the language server (see `lsp-capabilities`), `face` is the face that will be applied in Kakoune (you'll want to define these in your theme/config) and each `modifier` is a modifier name (also reported by the language server).

If the `token` or all `modifier`s are omitted, they will act as "match anything" for their respective category.
Example:
- `"variable" = "my_face"` will match any `variable` token, regardless of modifiers
- `"+readonly" = "my_face"` will match any token that's flagged as `readonly`
- `"" = "my_face"` will match everything. You should avoid this, as it will result in huge, inefficient highlighter ranges. Use a generic `fill` highlighter from Kakoune instead.
```

[source,toml]
----
[semantic_tokens]
"variable+constant+declaration" = "const_variable_declaration"
"variable+constant" = "const_variable"

> "variable" = "variable"

Author: I would be fine with this syntax as well. I think the short syntax is important to make any sort of styling feasible. Especially for something like rust-analyzer, which provides a lot of token and modifier types.
